Added docs for Globus transfers to UB Box (#41)
ubccr/ccrdocs: pages/hpc/data-transfer.md

has a Globus account. This is particularly useful for external collaborations in which
data sharing is necessary.  

Detailed information on creating Guest Collections is available at
[docs.globus.org](https://docs.globus.org/how-to/share-files/)

### Using Globus to transfer files to and from UB Box

> CCR users are able move data between CCR and UB Box within Globus using an integrated Box Connector App (UBuffalo-CCR Globus Box Connector). Intial setup will require you to log into UB Box and give the App consent to access UB Box on your behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CCR users are able to move data between CCR and UB Box within Globus using an integrated Box Connector App (UBuffalo-CCR Globus Box Connector). Initial setup will require you to log into UB Box and give the App consent to access UB Box on your behalf.
```

If this is all correct Click `Continue`

You will then be directed to the "Box Login Page"

![](../images/globus-ubbox-access-1.png)

Verify the account that will be used to log into UB Box is correct and Click `Authorize`

This will take you to the normal UB Single Sign On (SSO) login page where you will log in using your UB credentials and Duo 2 Factor if prompted.

After sucessfully logging into UB SSO you will be prompted with one more screen to Grant access to the "UBuffalo-CCR Globus Box Connector"

![](../images/globus-ubbox-access-2.png)

Click `Grant access to Box` and you will now be authenticated to your UB Box account from within Globus. You will then be sent back to the File manager screen.

If the panel is blank, you will need to search again for the "UBuffalo-CCR Box Collection" in the Collection search bar. If you have properly granted consent to the Globus Box App, then you should see the contents of your UB Box account.

Once you have completed the Access Consent steps above, you should now be able to access UB Box just like any of the other CCR Mapped Collections.

#### To transfer files to or from UB Box to CCR Collections:

> From the filemanager in the second window of the split screen, you can connect to one of the the CCR Mapped collections (ex. UBuffalo - Center for Computational Research Project Directories)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the File Manager in the second window of the split screen, you can connect to one of the the CCR Mapped collections (ex. UBuffalo - Center for Computational Research Project Directories)
```
